All right, Kyle Potter, there you go. At K Potter. 15.
Good congratulations. How? Oh, you know what? He brought up. It's not at all.
Actually, this guy doesn't know what, how, how much is it? The star receiver,
Antonio predominant red tire for camera's all that is not pitch at all.
You don't understand what pitches now, listen,
that makes you want to talk about it though.
That is legitimately my favorite thing that's happened to all month
that Antonio Brown,
Antonio Brown said he won't bro.
It's so funny to see, this is what I was just talking about about,
I don't care what you believe, but I care how you believe it.
He said, I guess they changed the rules on the helmets.
I don't know why probably a money thing,
even though they're pretending like it's a safety thing. Um,
but he says no football without a wide receiver
entered a Britta. Brown has told the Oakland Raiders,
he will not play football again, unless he could wear his old helmet.
Lee starts to tell ESPN on Friday,
Brian had a two hour conference call with an independent arbitrator on Friday.
Sources had to argue why he should be allowed to wear his ten-year-old helmet.
He is thought to have been using the same helmet. His whole career.
The arbitrator for the grievance call was joined by league officials,
play representatives, yada yada yada Brown wants to wear the helmet.
He prefers not one of the newer model helmets that league rules,
mandate league sources set. Uh,
Brown believes that the new believes the new certified helmet protrudes out and
interferes with his vision. As he tries to catch a football.
Now that's an actual legit grievance. Okay. But this is just, it.
It's just great. The way he,
the Raiders have been sending Brown, other approved helmets to wear.
But at this time he is not interested in wearing any of them. That's hysterical.
Okay. That he takes to helmets, puts them on and goes. Nope, not that one.
And keeps putting on helmets. Nope. Not that one.
Brown appeared to refer to an internal debate about walking away from the
football by posting Friday and Instagram caption, paraphrasing, the two painful,
um.
Something made me laugh here.
He just like, they keep like, okay. Yeah, this is what I read is that he keeps,
they keep sending him things, football helmets.
And he keeps thinking he doesn't like them.
And then he eventually got fed up and said, you know what?
I'm going to wear the old one or I quit, dude.
That's so talk about
Beats. That's so dope. That's hilarious.
Don't wanna, anytime an adult reaches that don't want to level I'm in,
I'm in dude, you're invited to the log cabin.
Antonio Brown don't wanna
that's so dope to be that much of a child as an adult.
That's what I want. That's what I am.
Don't wanna put $6 million next year. Can I wear the helmet?
No, keep it don't wanna.
I did poop in my pants. That's so funny to me.
I love him. Now. I'm a big fan of him. Don't even know what he looks like.
Don't care. I'd CA I'm going to,
I want to go out on a date with him straight up a heterosexual midday date,
where we go and we see the art of racing in the rain and we just chill where you
popcorn. I'll pay for all of the or he can pay for it.
If he feels more comfortable, I'll be the girl kind of, or the like whatever.
Doesn't have to be about gender, but I can be the, you know, the lesser one.
Not that girls are lesser, but you know what I mean? Not that guys are lesser,
but you know what I mean? It's like record your vase.
The one who takes it is what I mean in that whole exchange.
The one who gets is obviously the less powerful one is all I'm saying.
Okay. I guess I've never running for president, but you know what, though?
I am the president. So kiss my.